Que 1 Find out about the most popular JavaScript frameworks
Ans :1. Angular

Open Source
Single page applications
Easier DOM manipulation
Two-way binding
Very testable
Possible performance issues
Can get complex for larger scenarios
Some features may be difficult to understand for newcomers
One of the most powerful and efficient JavaScript frameworks, Angular is an open-source framework that is used for developing a Single Page Application (SPA). It extends the HTML into the application and interprets the attributes to perform data binding.

Features

Progressive Web Apps: Has modern web platform capabilities to deliver app-like experiences that are high performance, offline, and zero-step installation.
Desktop: Desktop-installed apps across Mac, Windows, and Linux can be created using the same Angular methods like the web plus the ability to access native OS APIs.
Code Generation: Angular turns templates into code that's highly optimized for JavaScript virtual machines, giving hand-written code benefits.
Code Splitting: With the new Component Router, angular apps load quickly, delivering automatic code-splitting.
Templates: Create UI views with simple and powerful template syntax.
Angular CLI: Command line tools allow you to start building fast, add components and tests, and then instantly deploy.

Animation: Create high-performance, complex choreographies, and animation timelines with very little code through Angular's intuitive API.
Accessibility: Create accessible applications with ARIA-enabled components, developer guides, and built-in test infrastructure.

2. React

Easy to learn

Reusable components
Virtual DOM
SEO friendly
Documentation may be an issue
JSX is a double-edged sword
Created by Facebook, the React framework has earned popularity very quickly. It is used to develop and operate the dynamic User Interface of web pages with high incoming traffic. It makes use of a virtual DOM, and hence, integration with any application is more straightforward.

Features:

Declarative: Creates interactive and dynamic UI for websites and mobile applications. Declarative views make the code readable and easy to debug.
Virtual DOM: For every DOM object, there is a corresponding "virtual DOM object." It creates a virtual copy of the original DOM and is a representation of a DOM object.
Event handling: React has its fully compatible W3C object model event system created. It also provides a cross-browser interface to a native event.
JSX: JSX is a markup syntax that closely resembles HTML. JSX makes writing React components easier by making the syntax almost identical to the HTML injected into the web page.
Performance: React uses one-way data binding with an application architecture called Flux controls. ReactJS helps update the View for the user with Flux controlling the application workflow.
React Native: React Native is a custom renderer for React; it uses native components instead of web components like React as building blocks.
Component-Based: Everything is a component of the web page, divided into small components to create a view(or UIs). Components in ReactJS are used to define the visuals and interactions in applications.

3. Vue.js

Lightweight
Fast
Extensive documentation
Reactive two-way binding
Comparatively fewer components
Lack of support for large-scale projects
Overflexibility
Though developed in the year 2016, this JavaScript framework has already made its way into the market and has proven its worth by offering numerous features. Its dual integration mode is one of the most attractive features for creating a high-end SPA. It is a reliable platform for cross-platform development.

Features

Virtual DOM: Vue.js utilizes a virtual DOM, a clone of the principal DOM element.
Data Binding: This feature facilitates the manipulation or assignment of values to HTML attributes.
CSS Transitions and Animations: Vue has several methods to apply a transition to HTML elements when added, updated, or removed from the DOM.
Template: Vue provides HTML-based templates that bind the DOM with the Vue.js instance data. The templates are compiled into Virtual DOM Render functions.
Complexity: Vue.js is simpler in terms of API and design. A web developer can build simple applications in a single day.

4. Ember.js
Ember.js

Ember CLI
Good selection of add-ons
Extensive documentation and good community engagement
Can be difficult to learn
Highly opinionated framework
Not suitable for smaller projects
Ember.js arrived in 2015, and since then, it has gained popularity with its wide application area. The features of Ember.js support two-way data binding and this makes it a reliable platform for handling complicated User Interfaces. Popular websites like LinkedIn, Netflix, and Nordstrom use Ember.js for their websites.

Features:

Ease of use: Create usable web applications that are easy to maintain.
HTML and CSS features: It offers HTML and CSS of the development model at the core.
Instance initializers: Ember provides instance initializers for classes
Routes: Ember.js offers routes that are core features used for managing the URL.
Debugging: Ember.js has the Ember Inspector tool for debugging Ember applications.
Templating: Ember.js uses templates that help to automatically update the model if the content of applications gets changed.

5. Meteor

Offers several conveniences
Makes development quicker
Easy to learn
Active community
Not quite as popular anymore
Pre-built packages can conflict with each other if many are used
Meteor has several different uses, covering a significant portion of the software development. Uses include back-end development, management of the database, business logic, and rendering of the front-end.

Features:

Full-Stack Solution: Meteor proves to be a full-stack solution for developing and deploying web applications. Features include automatic CSS, reactive templates, and JS minification on the production server.
Development Ecosystem: Meteor.js is an open-source Isomorphic Development Ecosystem (IDevE). It facilitates building real-time web applications from scratch as it contains all the necessary front-end and back-end components..

Isomorphic JavaScript Code: The same code can be used on the front-end, the back-end, and mobile and web applications. It saves developers from requiring to install and configure different module managers, libraries, drivers, APIs, and more.
Front-end Solution:Meteor offers a front-end development framework, Blaze.js, which offers some useful features. It also integrates with popular modern front-end frameworks like Backbone.js to yield better results.
Database Integration: Meteor.js supports any database with a Node.js driver. MongoDB is commonly used.


